Warning: truncated output (original token count: 76558)
Total output lines: 8619

!

	PowerShell Basico en espaniol
	Con Fabian Campo
	@FCampo
	Microsoft Certified Trainer


!
			AGENDA




!En el menu de hoy tendremos

De entrada:
Una Calurosa Bienvenida con La historia y el Origen del PowerShell

De plato fuerte:
Los Comandlets (cmd-lets) eso como se come?

Y De postre:
una pequena Demostracion


!La Historia
PowerShell surge del distinguido ingeniero Joey Snover*,
quien al ver el potencial de la linea de comandos Bash
de los entornos Linux,penso en hacer uso de .Net como
la evolucion a una nueva interfaz de comandos.

Aunque PowerShell no es una simple interfaz como el
D.O.S.

!"PowerShell es mucho mas que una pantalla Azul con letras Blancas"

Tambien puede ser Negro con letras verdes,
-Eso, como en la Matrix...

!La Historia
El D.O.S. no evoluciono, se estanco desde los 80,
y los 83 Commandos que tenia, eran monoliticos,
no te permitian una interaccion con las salidas y
era complicado manejar variables.

PowerShell es dinamico, maneja un concepto Orientado a
Objetos, Metodos, Atributos y Clases, y al mismo tiempo
generar tu propio codigo en el.

PoSh tiene miles de Librerias o Modulos que contienen a su
vez Scripts o CMD-Lets especializados para cada producto.

!Reto

Intenta hacer en tu powershell un 4 +87 +1356

!PowerShell es la base para todos los sistemas operativos
Desde Windows Vista a la fecha, Microsoft le ha apostado.

Puedes consultar los eventos, Procesos y servicios, asi como
adicionar, eliminar y modificar atributos segun lo necesites.

!JSnover dijo: " Si Aprendes PowerShell, Aprenderas TODO".

 y Neo dijo: "Ya se kung-Fu..."

!-------------------------------------------
!-------------------------------------------

!Everything you need to pass the CompTIA CTT+ TK0-201, TK0-202, and TK0-203 exams!
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
4.5
206 ratings
814
Students
5.5 hours
Total
Last updated December 2020
English
English [Auto]
What you'll learn
Everything you need to pass the CompTIA CTT+ TK0-201, TK0-202, and TK0-203 computer and performance-based exams
Develop confidence as a technical trainer and classroom instructor
Video lectures and practice tests on the five CTT+ Domains of Understanding
Description
The purpose of this course is to prepare you for both the computer-based and performance-based exams required to become a CompTIA Certified Technical Trainer. The Definitive CTT+ course covers all the 5 domains of understanding in the CTT+ body of knowledge with video lectures, slide presentations, and sample quizzes. You will have all the information you need to pass the test and get started in a career as a technical trainer!

Who this course is for:
Technical professionals interested in gaining credentials for their technical training skills.
Anyone interested in becoming a technical trainer.
Anyone preparing for the CompTIA CTT+ exam

!-------------------------------------------
Hello and welcome to the definitive CTT plus course on Udemy, my name is Thomas Moore.

I'm going to be your instructor for the length of this course.

But before we get started, I thought we could talk a little bit about you.

What brings you here today?

What are your motivations for getting the certification?

It could be that you're already a technical trainer and you're required to get the certification for

your job.

It could be that you want to get into technical training and you'd like to put the CTT plus on your

resume.

Or maybe you're an I.T. professional already and you want to supplement your income by teaching some

technical courses here and there and you want the CTT plus to prove your abilities in the classroom.

But whatever the case, I want to assure you that this course is going to take care of your goals.

So the purpose of this course, number one, is to get you through the CTT plus exam so you can get

your certification.

So that's the teko to zero one or the computer based exam.

And then also the video submission exam, which is either the teko two to four in classroom teaching

or the Teko two or three for virtual classroom teaching, regardless of which one you're going for.

We've got everything we're going to talk about that moving forward to make sure you go over all the

domains of understanding and also have all the instructions for video submission and you feel well supported

for that.

So that's the first purpose of this course, is for you to get that certification.

But beyond that, you know, I'm really hoping that this can be a resource for you moving forward so

that you can feel confident as a technical trainer no matter where you teach.

So there's over 85 videos in this course.

They're short and to the point, but they cover all the fundamental principles of technical training.

And you have access to them as long as you have access to this course.

So, you know, in the future, if you need to dip back in, cover a specific principal or topic, you'll

be able to watch the videos again, refresh yourself and always feel prepared for whatever course you're

teaching.

So before we get started again, I'd like for you to just think, you know, pause the video for about

a minute and just think, why am I here?

What is my motivation?

You might think about your career, the kind of job you want to get with your certification, but I

want you to think even further than that.

Really, practically.

How is this going to impact your day to day life for yourself, for your family?

So give some thought to that.

And then in the comments below, just write your name and then a couple of bullet points as to your

main motivations for taking the course.

So, again, my name is Thomas.

I'm looking forward to being with you throughout this course.

Let's get started.

!-------------------------------------------

Now that you've introduced yourself in the comments below and told us a little bit about your motivation

and goals, I figured I'd tell you a little bit more about myself.

My name is Thomas Moore.

I've been in the education industry for over 15 years and I've taught all sorts of audiences from one

on one education of children, teaching in public schools, private schools, all the way to adult education,

group learning and also technical training.

And I've taught all sorts of technical concepts from music theory and composition to foreign language,

grammar and delivery and then also information technology, cybersecurity.

I've taught some of the federally recognized baseline certifications for work in the government sector,

and I've also worked with technology organizations as they developed courses for technical training

for the maturation of their resources.

So I hope to bring all of this experience together in these videos, hopefully with stories and some

anecdotes that will really bring life to the program and help you see what it's like in the real world.

So anyway, that's me.

I look forward to teaching with you and let's go ahead and move on.

!-------------------------------------------

I wanted to take a few minutes to talk about the benefits of having the plus certification, the purpose

of the certification is to prepare somebody for entrance into the field of technical training, obviously.

And it's meant to give evidence that you have met a certain standard of excellence when it comes to

being able to train complex topics.

So, as you know, competition is a provider of technical certifications.

But if you've worked at all in technology, you recognize that there is a big difference between being

able to perform a technical task and being able to communicate it to others, to really teach it to

others.

And so this certification is meant to fill that gap is to give evidence that somebody not only can understand

a complex topic, but can also communicated to others and has a certain level of public speaking ability,

presentation ability so that they could lead a class to learn a new skill or ability.

So that's what the certification says about you and it's on your resume.

Also, it's trusted by some leading organizations like Dell, Microsoft, Adobe, Cisco, IBM.

They all look to the CTT plus certification as evidence that, you know, you're a qualified trainer.

Some people will also get the CTT plus if they work for an educational provider or an academy, because

competition allows you to partner with them as a company.

If you have the seat plus of somebody on the staff, has the technical trainer certification, then

you can become an authorized training partner with TI and they'll send you some resources and they'll

also help you market and give you some some content for your courses.

So look into that.

If you work for an organization, that can be an excellent opportunity for you to gain some sort of

job security in your training organization, because you can, you know, convince them to become a

training partner with come to you.

Beyond that, you know, having a training certification really gives you confidence.

It allows you to know that you've been certified in this rather than an organization, perhaps an internal

training, just grabbing somebody from a different project to teach.

They can rely on you because you have a certification to back up your ability to communicate and teach

technical concepts.

Another thing to remember is even though there's a lot of online learning, people still enjoy having

an instructor to guide them through the process of learning a new topic.

Reading a book is one thing, but having somebody who knows how to do something, teach you about it

really is irreplaceable.

And so, according to a recent survey, 87 percent of people who are taking on a new difficult concept

prefer to have instructor led training as their primary form of training.

So this is something that's still very relevant, even in a time when we have access to all sorts of

materials on the Internet.

!-------------------------------------------
All right, so here we are, the definitive CTT, plus everything you need to pass the TETCO to a one

to two and two or three.

So I thought I'd start by just giving you an outline of the course, almost like a syllabus of what

to expect in this course, how it's divided up, how the information is divided up so it'll be easily

accessible to you.

So let's just jump right in on that.

The first thing we're going to talk about is an overview of the certification itself.

So as you've already heard me reference, there are three different tests here.

What are those tests?

What's involved in each of them?

How can you be prepared for each of them?

What do they look like?

What do they feel like?

That's what we're going to talk about in the overview of the certification.

And following that, there is a section of videos for each of the domains of understanding.

So according to the official contact plus domains of understanding, there are five domain one planning

prior to the course, which is where you talk about classroom logistics and of course, creation domain

two methods and media for instructional delivery.

This is where you talk about technologies and means to disseminate information to a class domain.

Three instructor credibility and communications that has to do with your oral presentation skills and

ability to manage a classroom domain for IS group facilitation.

That's where a large portion of the information comes from.

That has to do with activities and group dynamics and adult learning theories and things like that.

And Domain five is evaluating the training event.

So this is what you do as a technical trainer post class when you evaluate yourself and also the course

design, et cetera.

So those five domains come from compter itself.

That's what the test is based on.

And there is a section of videos for each one of those domains.

As we move forward, after the domains of understanding, we're going to be focusing on the classroom

performance based exam.

And this is the part that kind of can make some people nervous because, of course, this is a video

submission of you teaching a class practical application of the skills that you've learned.

But don't worry, I'm going to break that down for you.

All of the submission details, all of the things that you're going to need to perform well and touch

on all the domains of understanding and your performance.

So there's a section for the Teko 202 and the section for the ticket or two or three.

And depending on which one you choose, you'll probably only watch one of those sections of videos.

You're welcome to watch both, but you'll probably choose whether you're going to do a classroom based

or virtual video submission and then you'll watch the videos in this course that correspond to that

selection.

!-------------------------------------------
So first of all, what's the difference?

Why are there three tests, Teko to a one, to a two to three, which one am I taking?

Why do I need to take more than one?

These are all kinds of questions.

Maybe you're as confused as this guy up here.

Don't worry.

You're not the first one to have these questions.

We'll go ahead and break this down so that you understand it.

So, first of all, everybody will take the teko to one.

This is a computer based exam, much like all the other compter certification exams.

Maybe you've taken eight plus net plus security.

Plus, there's a multiple choice questions, single and multiple responses.

So sometimes it'll be pick the best answer.

Sometimes it'll be choose all of the answers that apply or choose two answers, but multiple choice.

And there is the possibility of dragon drops.

Although the most recent time I've taken this test, there were no dragon drops.

There's going to be a maximum of 95 questions and 90 minutes to take the test.

So again, this is similar in length to other technical certifications.

You have just under a minute per question, but it's plenty of time, especially after this course.

A passing score of about 73 percent is required.

So you'll need to get about 655 out of 900 points to pass the test.

And this has to be accomplished before you move on to the second half of this certification exam.

So everybody will take the Teekay 020 one, which is the computer based exam.

But then after you've passed that, you'll have the option to choose either the Toyota or two or the

Teko 203.

Both of these are performance based exams.

They are video submissions of you teaching a class.

The Toyota Otu is a video of you teaching an in-person physical classroom class, whereas the Toyota

of three is a recording of you teaching an online virtual class through video conference.

So you'll be able to choose which one you want to do and depending on which one you choose is the certification

is that, you know, the test that you choose either the two or two or the two or three.

So hopefully that clears it up.

Again, this is a video submission.

It'll have to be between 17 and 22 minutes long.

You're scored on all the criteria of the domains of understanding and you're asked to rope them into

your presentation again.

We'll talk about that so you know how to do that.

And then you have to pass about thirty six out of forty eight to get a passing score on this.

Here's what it looks like.

This is from official compter resources, so again, it shows the teko to a one computer based exam

and then you will add to it either the teko to a true classroom performance based exam or the Takio

two or three virtual classroom performance based exam.

Either one of those you pass and you come out as a plus certified technical trainer, either as a classroom

trainer or a virtual classroom trainer.

!-------------------------------------------

Let's take a minute to review some of the official resources the competition provides that you can use

to prepare for this exam.

Here I am at Tilla Dog so you can put that in your browser to tag click here on certifications and of

course, you're going to see us.

Plus, so here on the plus page, there are some documents that will be very helpful for you to to read.

You might want to print them out and read them to give you a good overview of what to expect.

So after you've read a little bit here about the overview and purpose of the course, there's a section

here called Plus Guidelines and Forms, and there is a form here for how to prepare for the classroom

trainer and then also how to prepare for the virtual trainer.

And this is a very well prepared document with a lot of information about how they score the video submission

and how to prepare.

So this is information that we're going to be discussing in this course, but it might be nice to read

it.

Also, you can print this out or I'll save it as a PDF and read this when you have a few minutes.

So that's how to prepare for the performance based course.

Also here, we'll have the submission forms for the video performance based submission.

We'll go over that later, too.

But this is how you find it here.

Also, I wanted to show you this.

This is get practice questions and exam objectives.

If you see right here, you can just submit a little bit of information about yourself

and about your job description.

Choose the exam.

We're looking for tickets to a one put in the country.

You want to have some exam objectives and practice questions.

I'm currently training plan on taking the exam one to two months, agree to the terms.

And as soon as you submit that, you will have two things.

First of all, the exam objectives and also practice questions.

So the exam objectives we're going to be going over in a subsequent video will be going over the domains

in depth.

But this has come to a version of that.

You can see all the five domains, some details about the course in the test itself.

Again, I recommend printing this out and reading it when you have a moment.

They also have some practice questions here.

There aren't very many practice questions provided here.

It's really not the end all for your preparation for your exam.

I've included a lot more practice exams in this course as part of the course materials, but you can

look at a few here to get a sense of what the questions are going to be like on the Teko to a one computer

based exam.

So it would be worth downloading this and practicing them as you get through the course.

When it comes time to buy the exam, you can get your vouchers here.

One thing I failed to discuss in the previous video, but it's important to know you're going to be

purchasing two tests.

As I mentioned, you taking the TKO to a one and in addition to it, either the Teko 202 or two or three.

So you're going to have to purchase both of those.

First of all, you'll purchase the Teekay 020 one, which is the essentials.

And then when you're ready, you'll purchase the classroom trainer or the virtual classroom trainer.

So that brings the cost to a little bit over 650 bucks.

But remember, you will be buying two of those vouchers.

So anyhow, this is a competition, Doug.

This is how you can find the official resources to prepare yourself for the exam.

!-------------------------------------------
!-------------------------------------------
Let's dive right into the MTA domains of understanding for the seat plus and this is the document that

I just instructed you to download from Komp Teabag called the MTA CTT plus certification of exam objectives.

And if you come down here to page three, you will see the weight at each domain of understanding receives

on the exam.

So all of them are at about 15 percent except for group facilitation domain four.

So I tell you that just to make sure that in your preparation, you know where to focus your efforts,

of course, you want to be prepared for all of these domains, but group facilitation is specifically

heavy on the evaluation.

So you want to make sure that you're thoroughly prepared for that domain.

One is broken into two sub domains, so domain one is planning prior to the course.

So this is everything that goes into developing a course, not only the course creation, but also how

you plan as an instructor to facilitate a course appropriately.

So subdomain one A is review learning objections and match them to learner and organization needs.

So this is about the purpose of your class, how to identify why you're being asked to teach it and

what the learners really need to know, and then how to build a course around that.

The second subdomain is create an environment conducive to learning.

This has to do with classroom logistics, everything from the temperature of the room and how to handle

miscellaneous cables to technical devices to seating charts and things like that.

Domain two is methods and media for instructional delivery, so this has to do with, again, methods

of delivery, so different techniques for speaking to a class and teaching and also media.

So presentation styles, different resources, technologies and tools to present, you know, learning

concepts so the subdomains to a select and implement delivery methods.

So you're going to be talking a little bit about delivering instruction, different kinds of learning

theories, different kinds of learners, and how to apply different methods of instruction given the

learning types.

So that's a very interesting section.

And then also use of instructional media.

You know, how do you use slideshows correctly?

How do you use video and graphics?

Also in the virtual platform?

What online tools are virtual tools can you use in your classroom to make them engaging for the learner?

You'll talk about that.

They're the third domain is instructor credibility and communications.

So this is all about how to assert yourself confidently in the classroom and really how to command yourself.

So this is broken up into the subdomains, demonstrate professional conduct and content expertise,

how to make sure you know what you're talking about, what to do if you're caught not knowing something

about a technical concept.

Also, professional conduct, what you look like, how you hold yourself, posture, poise three B is

use communication and presentation skills to facilitate learning.

So this is where we talk about all communication and public speaking, how to use gestures, facial

expressions, how to make sure that our our speech is not offensive to anybody, things like that.

And then here's the big one group facilitation.

So in for a establish and maintain a learner centered environment.

So how do you make sure that this isn't all about you as the instructor or all about the organization,

but how to really make sure that all of your teaching practices focus on the individual learner and

with their goals and with their purposes in mind and their motivations in mind, use a variety of question

types and techniques.

So how to use different forms of questions to engage listeners and to create certain types of outcomes

in a classroom?

There's a number of questions about that on the exam.

Forese address learner needs for additional explanation and encouragement.

What to do when a student doesn't understand completely when they look lost, when somebody lags behind,

when they lack motivation or get interested, and then for demotivate and reinforce learners.

So again, this has to do with motivation, following up after the class, things like that.

In domain five, we have evaluating the training event.

Five is evaluate learner performance throughout the training event, how to develop quizzes and assessments,

when to give them what types of assessments you can use and when they're appropriate.

And five B, evaluate Trayner performance and delivery, of course.

This is where you are reflective and you look at your own performance and your own course design to

see how it worked, what you would improve next time, how to communicate that to the training organization.

So those are the domains.

We're going to dive deep into these, break them down, make sure that we've hit on all of the topics

under discussion.

But I wanted you to have an overall view of what we're going to be talking about in this course.


!-------------------------------------------

The moment of truth with technical training is when you're standing in front of an audience, when you're

standing in front of your classroom.

These are your peers.

These are adults.

These are knowledgeable, intelligent people already.

And you want to make sure that you're prepared well to give something substantive and also so that you

can deliver with confidence.

And he's preparation prior to the course includes all these things.

And the more prepared you are, the better the class you're going to give.

So we don't just rest on our existing knowledge of the technical concept, but we give the appropriate

attention to course development and classroom logistics to make sure that everything goes smoothly when

we actually deliver the class.

So domain one, we talk about how to develop a course, how to speak to an organization to find out

why they're even doing the course, how to figure out what learners already know so that you understand

what the knowledge gaps are.

We also talk about a couple of frameworks for developing classes to make sure that they're thorough

and really fleshed out before you deliver the class.

We also talk about classroom environment creation, how to set up the seats, how to set the temperature,

how to avoid disasters with technology.

All of that is in domain one.

So that's what you have to look forward to.

And let's make sure that we plan our course correctly.

!-------------------------------------------

Transcript
So before you can even begin developing a curriculum or planning for training, you really need to be

able to answer the question, why are we doing this training at all?

What are the needs that are going to be filled by this training?

And in order to answer that question, you need to draw information from two sources.

Number one, the organization offering the training and number to the learners that will be trained.

So first of all, what need of the organization are we hoping to fill by offering this training?

And second, what do the learners need to know so that they can, you know, change their behavior and

be more effective in the future?

So organizations can offer training for a number of different reasons.

Perhaps you're working with a technology academy and they offer programs as their main source of income.

So they're marketing training programs for people who are interested in getting started in it and trying

to get technical certifications.

So that's one possible need.

But intro organizationally, it could be a matter of training employees.

There could be some negligence on the part of the employee.

There could be some increased efficiency that could be accomplished if employees had greater skills.

But organizations often need to understand what the return on investment is.

So if I'm spending money on training, I'm paying you, I'm paying the materials, I'm taking time away

from productivity.

For people to be trained, organizations need to understand clearly what they're getting back as a return

on that investment.

But these organizational needs can be varied.

So just as a personal story, I worked with a training organization who was contracting with a federal

agency, and this federal agency realized that some of their I.T. employees were not taking care of

important tasks that affected the overall risk posture of the organization.

And this had to do with compliance with federal regulations for risk assurance.

And so they really needed to train their employees so that they felt competent enough to do these risk

related tasks and so that the agency could remain in compliance.

So that was their specific need that we had to take in mind as we were developing the course.

Second, we have learner needs, so it's good to know what skills the employees already have or what

skills the learners already have and then what they need to know so that you can fill in the gap with

the training.

What skills, knowledge, abilities do they need so that they can reach their goals?

OK, so organisational needs, in order to gather this information, you're going to need stakeholder

input, so you'll need to speak with executives perhaps who have their finger on the pulse of the organization.

It could be H.R. department hiring staff is very aware of the skills that they're not finding new recruits

and that they might need to train internally.

And it could also be managers and team members.

Right.

So they're on the ground doing the work.

Managers are very well aware that their team members don't have a certain skill and maybe even team

members say, you know, hey, we don't have anyone on our team that knows how to do this or that.

And that's why we need this training, needed skills for identifying gaps and understanding.

You're trying to enhance competencies that are already existing so you can increase productivity or

efficiency.

And again, it could be emerging or future technologies that need to be trained.

And again, we want to make this specific, especially if you're working in an organization that's training

employees, make it specific to their day to day job.

So what will they be able to take from the training and apply to make them a better employee in their

current job role?

And for this reason, you can't be too broad, but you have to really dial it into some specific outcomes

that you're looking for.

So, again, this is not just knowledge, but also application.

And the difference is that knowledge is kind of informational.

It's conceptual, it's about memorizing information or understanding a topic.

But application has to do with an actual technical ability that you are hoping that these students will

leave your course with.

And this will be specific to the learner itself and their and their different job roles.

Once you've had these conversations, you've sat with organizational stakeholders, you've sat with

learners and you've figured out where the gaps are and you know how to address these needs.

You will be able to clearly define and articulate the learning outcome for the course and the learning

outcome and instructional goal, which is a high level objective of the course itself.

And here's an example of one client relations management software training employees will learn CRM

functionality for creating email templates, organizing a sales pipeline and integrating social media

platforms.

So it's clear what the training is.

It's about this CRM software and it's clear what the instructional outcomes are going to be.

They'll know how to create email templates, organize sales pipelines and integrate social media platforms.

So that's the goal after this conversation, after you've addressed needs to be able to clearly articulate

your instructional goals.

!-------------------------------------------

Transcript
After you've identified the organizational and learner needs for the course and you've been able to

clearly define that high level instructional goal or purpose of the class, the next step is to hone

it down into specific learning objectives.

And the learning objectives are knowledge, skills and abilities that the learner is expected to acquire

by the end of the course.

And there's a development process for how to come up with these learning objectives.

And it's in three steps.

We're going to talk about them now.

Step number one, you take that high level instructional goal, which we talked about in the previous

lesson, and then from that overarching goal, you then create a topical outline which divides the instruction

goal into units or domains of understanding.

And then from those topical units, you then create specific learning objectives, which are the actual

tactical skills, technical skills and abilities that the learner will leave with.

And these are important to be able to clearly define not only for the students, but also when communicating

with the organization that's hosting the training or technical trainers that will be teaching a course

that you develop.

It's very important to make all of this clear because it guides a well course.

So here we are with the instructional goal that we had from our previous lecture, the client relations

management software training.

Right.

We had that high level overview, as well as just three main topics of understanding that would be accomplished,

that is creating email templates, organizing sales pipelines and integrating social media.

So the next thing to do would be to create a topical outline based on that high level instructional

goal.

So here's the instructional goal again.

And now it's been broken down.

So there's three high level tasks have now been created into units, unit one about creating emails,

unit two about organizing sales pipelines, and Unit three about integrating social media.

And then there are sub units in each one of those topical units that kind of break it down even further.

So when it comes to creating email templates, for example, synchronizing with the CRM, creating a

template design, inserting text into the template, this is breaking down the topics even further.

And then the final step is to define the learning objectives, which are specific learning outcomes

that are based on each topical unit that you created in the earlier step.

So this is just breaking down one unit, just unit one about creating email templates.

And you'll notice that the subtasks that we developed previously, namely synchronising email, choosing

template design and inserting template text, have now been divided down even further to the specific

technical tasks that the learner will learn how to do.

They'll learn how to locate the email template tab in the software.

They'll learn how to input their email account credentials as they're sinking the email with the CRM.

And then they'll also learn how to allow the CRM to access email contact.

So this is this is mind at the minut level, each specific task.

But now this is very clear to anybody that's training the course or anybody that's hosting the course

as to what the students will learn, what they'll come out being able to do at the end of the technical

training.

!-------------------------------------------
Transcript
As you're developing your course, you do need to take into consideration what your learners already

know, you'll need to assess their current skill level so that you can design the course accordingly.

For example, you may find that students are well versed in the topic and it doesn't need to be included

in the training at all.

Or maybe you just do a brief review.

On the other hand, if you identify particular weaknesses, then you may choose to allocate more time

in the class for practicing the technical skill or for opening yourself up to questions and answers,

something like that.

So assess first what your learner already knows.

Don't make assumptions as to what they already know.

It could be that, you know, if you assume that your student doesn't know anything, that you end up

creating a course that is overly simplistic and then it seems like a waste of time for the learner.

On the other hand, if you make your course too complicated, assume that your learner knows a lot already.

Then it can be very frustrating to the student and it can be very difficult for that that matter.

So there's a sweet spot there for creating a course that's going to really fit the needs.

So how do you determine, you know, what your students already know?

You could create a form of assessment, some sort of written form maybe where they self reflect and

write down what they'd like to learn and their strengths and weaknesses.

Or it could just be conversations that you have, as we mentioned before, with stakeholders, managers,

team members to get a sense of of what really needs to be targeted in the course.

And you may determine that some hard and fast core prerequisites are required.

So this is the case, particularly in academies of technology.

I worked with one academy and we offered some higher level cybersecurity certification training programs,

but we didn't really like to put students in those who didn't have a basic understanding of technology,

hardware, software, basic networking.

So sometimes we'd suggest and even require that a student have past come to a plus before they were

in the company of security plus course.

So that might be the case in your training organization or with an internal training course, you may

require that there's some baseline knowledge and experience that each learner has before they're invited

to the course.

Let's took it.

Take a look at some ways to do pre course assessments, some considerations here.

First of all, we all know what it's like to be in a corporate atmosphere.

It can be very competitive.

People don't often like to admit to the things that they don't know because they think that it'll put

them at a competitive disadvantage.

This isn't very conducive to education, but we got to work with what we what we've got.

So create an atmosphere of of ease and trust, follow organizational protocols and be respectful and

confidential.

So, you know, obviously, if employees open up about things that they don't know that they can use,

brushing up on, you know, be respectful of the competitive environment that they're part of.

Another way of assessing skill level is to do a formal test.

So this is a multiple choice or perhaps a long answer test where you ask questions that will identify

what students know and what they don't know.

And the purpose is not to trick anybody up or make the questions too hard, but to assess learning.

So as you're developing the questions, you want to keep that in your mind.

That's the purpose of the pre course exam.

!-------------------------------------------

Transcript
The ATI methodology for instructional design is a commonly used life-cycle process for how to go about

building a curriculum for a technical program, Addae by name is not called out in the plus exam, but

a lot of the principles and fundamental concepts that are covered in ADDAE methodology do appear on

the test.

So it will be important that you understand those and really it does help you to create good curriculum.

So as a technical trainer, you want to be familiar with the five steps of the ADDAE model.

Addae is an acronym for the Five Steps Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Evaluation.

So let's talk about these steps one by one and how they contribute to designing an effective technical

training course.

The first step in the ADDAE model is the analysis that we've talked about.

Some of this already assessing organizational needs, assessing learner needs, assessing current skill

level of your learners.

But it's also good to ask yourself, you know, if this course is successful, what does success look

like at the end of it?

What is going to make us feel like it really accomplished its goals?

And then how will that be measured to by the organization or the individual receiving the training?

That's part of the analysis phase.

Also, there'll be an analysis of the actual technical skills and tasks.

What is the change of behavior that we're looking to accomplish in the learner?

What technologies will they be using?

How will it impact their day to day life?

And how will workflow be improved by the technical skills that you're teaching?

And then also a performance analysis.

So this has, again, to do with the needs of the organization.

But how will the improved learner abilities affect the organization?

How will it optimize their process again?

And what will this mean for a return on investment for the training organization or excuse me, for

the organization that the workers will be part of in the design phase when you're actually designing

the course content?

There are some considerations to keep in mind.

First of all, is it cost effective?

So what is your budget for creating the course?

You know, this will help you to know what kind of technologies you can use, what kind of materials

you have at your disposal when it comes to cost considerations, too.

If you are training employees that are being pulled away from their nine to five jobs, you have to

really be clear to the organization as to what the cost will be in terms of man hours and how that will

impact workflow within the organization.

So that's to be considered when you're designing your course.

Of course, you want your training to be effective, specifically based on the learning objectives that

we talked about developing.

And again, we wanted to be practical and to the day to day work of the learners.

And when it comes to making a course effective, you also need to understand the qualifications that

you will require for a trainer.

So what level of expertise is required on the trainers part?

So when you're sourcing a trainer for your course, you know, what do they need to know and what kind

of experience they need to have?

That's part of the design process, too.

And then how will you make your course engaging.

So focusing on learner benefits, learner, focus, learner focused education, captivating to your

audience, full of interesting and exciting activities and things like that.

So this will be considered in the design phase.

And once you designed it, now you have to develop it.

So a lot of times when it comes to development, you will create first a prototype.

So this is kind of like a brief demonstration of the core style.

You will discuss what kind of activities give some samples, also a summary of the course and a plan

of how it will be implemented.

This is usually to communicate it with organizational leadership.

So they're aware of what the course is going to look like when it's fully developed.

Then you'll have to actually develop the content itself.

So this is media creation.

This is creating a slide show.

This is creating video content.

This is making sure that the materials and the instructional information follows logical thought process

and development.

This is making sure that handouts and job ads are aesthetically pleasing, that the graphics are appropriate,

that they look professional.

This is all part of the development phase.

And again, with testing that you have to do some quality assurance.

You may have desktop publishers or graphic artists that will contribute to this work.

Other media creators.

You may be responsible for making sure that it meets the standards of quality that the organization

has.

You also might want to practice some of the activities that you plan on using, test them out, get

a group of of support staff to, you know, to practice what the activity looks like, the group learning

exercise.

Is it feasible?

Are you going to be able to roll it out to, you know, for groups of people simultaneously in one class?

She might want to test that out and then also technologies, too.

So if you're using some sort of projection, if you're using using some sort of interactive game, do

you have it all synched up?

Does it work?

So in one training organization that I worked at, we used to coat and Kahu is like a game show.

Everybody downloads it on their phone and, you know, you punch in as you would on a game show to give

your answer and you compete for who can do it quickest.

But again, you got to make sure that you know how to instruct people to download the app.

You know how to project the questions on the overhead projector.

So testing things out is really beneficial so you don't run into problems on the first day of class.

Step forward is actual implementation of your design, so the logistics of running the class learner

enrollments, which may include accepting payment from learners, classroom management and also setting

up the technology in the classroom, setting up computer labs, making sure that the hardware is, you

know, plugged in and functioning, that software is loaded, that all the devices are imaged correctly,

etc. That's part of implementation.

And then we have the delivery itself.

So communicating with the learners, communicating with the organization, making sure everybody is

aware of the assumptions for the learners and, you know, when they're going to start, when they're

going to finish, how long it's going to take, what they're going to learn.

There is some scheduling involved there with the training organization and also with the learners.

And then in delivery is also the actual facilitation of the course, you know, as a trainer.

And then also considerations for trainers is going to be recruiting qualified trainers that meet the

requirements that you specified in the design phase.

If they need some preparatory education to make sure that the trainers can deliver correctly, perhaps

new technologies, proprietary technologies, you'll need to make sure that they're up to speed on that.

And then, of course, you're going to have to book them.

Right.

If they're contracted technical trainers, this can be the case.

Sometimes you'll have to make sure that your class is running at a time when they can they can give

it.

They can teach you.

Step five, finally, is the evaluation stage, so this is how are you going to assess what new knowledge

the learners have acquired?

How are you going to assess their new competency?

And this can be done by, you know, end, of course, exams and also performance metric analysis that's

done after the course, also evaluating the instructor's performance.

So hearing back from the learners and we'll talk about specific ways you can do this in a future lecture.

But just like kind of the internal audit of the process, how did it go?

How is our trainer?

How are our materials?

How is the course design?

How do we think that that it all went?

What was the quality?

And then finally, you'll evaluate the course design.

So was it logical?

Did it meet the goals?

Was it effective?

And was it to the qualities, the standards of quality that we expect for our organization?

So there you have it.

Those are the five steps of the ADDAE model.

It's good to review these.

And I hope that you use this resource if you're ever in the position where you're developing curriculum

so that you don't start a class blind or with a weak design, but you can go through the five steps

and test things out.

And then when you implement it, when you deliver it, you feel confident about doing it and then you

can evaluate it.

When you're done, you can look back, reflect on what you've done, and you can improve it for next

time.

And this is an excellent way to continue improving your abilities as a trainer and a curriculum developer.

!-------------------------------------------


Transcript
Donald Kirkpatrick was a professor at the University of Wisconsin, and he is famed for his four levels

of valuation model, which is an objective way to evaluate the success of a training event.

There is, Mr. Kirkpatrick.

So anyhow, what are these four levels and how do we apply them?

Well, the first level is reaction.

So what was the reaction of the learner?

You might get this in by way of a feedback survey.

A lot of organizations will, you know, ask the students what they thought about the training and you

can get some good response from that on the part of the learner as to whether or not they felt that

they learned anything.

What was the course like?

What was the trainer like?

And, you know, you want to find out whether the learner really felt that the course was practical

for them, engaging for them.

Interesting.

And that they left knowing something that they didn't know before.

The second level is the learning level.

And this has to do with actual knowledge acquisition acquisition.

And you get this information from the final exam.

Sometimes you can compare a post course exam with a pre course exam and you can actually have some metrics

on how much improvement there was on behalf of an individual learner.

So that's one form of evaluating a training event.

And then there is the behavior level.

So this is what was the actual change in the participant behavior?

What are they able to do now that they weren't able to do before the training?

And what evidence is there that they can do it?

So sometimes there are practical exams or actual performance based exams.

When you roll out a technical program where they actually have to do a technical task to pass the class,

and that will give you feedback on the behavior level of evaluation.

And finally results.

What are the organizational outcomes, key performance indicators that give evidence of the fact that

now students know something they didn't know before, they're working quicker, they're working more

effectively.

This is improving the organizational process.

This is making more money for the organization.

This is improving their compliance, whatever it was that their goal was, what are the results and

how do we document them?

So by incorporating these four levels of evaluation, you can really be thorough post course to figure

out, you know, how well we did lessons learned, where can we improve and was the course of success

and how can we make it even more successful next time?

!-------------------------------------------

Transcript
So imagine, if you will, that you've just spent a number of months developing a wonderful course,

you went through the process of assessing organizational needs, learner needs and speaking with shareholders

and going through the ADI design process.

And you're about to give the course and then everything changes.

Organizational leadership asks you to make some significant adjustments to your course.

How will you respond?

It could be tempting to be frustrated, but the purpose of this lecture is to remind you to maintain

your flexibility and customize ability.

So there are always organizational perspectives that you may not be aware of that need to be addressed

last minute.

So it's important to not be so rigid in your course design or implementation that you can't respond

when necessary.

One way to facilitate this is to leave a little bit of a cushion room in your course design, you know,

so don't cram so much information in there that that there's no room for adjusting to things that come

up that are unexpected.

And then also remember to be customizable.

Maybe you bring a course with you no matter where you teach, you know, something that you've developed

personally.

But remember that there could be some custom features that are unique to the situation or the industry

that you're working with.

So build some customized ability into your course as you design it so that you're flexible.

Remember that you're building a business relationship with a training organization.

Your reputation is important after you're done teaching a course, you want to be invited back to teach

that course again or invited to develop a curriculum for another course and to teach that.

So cooperating with the training organization, being quick to be flexible and apply updates and implement

customized ability really is going to set you apart as a very professional and experienced technical

trainer.

!-------------------------------------------
Transcript
Briefly, I wanted to talk a little bit about anticipating challenges in course design and course materials

if you're working for a larger training organization.

It's very possible that you are not the one who has developed the training curriculum or materials or

schedule or anything like that.

You may not have had any input into the design.

And there is a principle that you need to remember for the test is, is that of working cooperatively

with an organization, a larger organization.

So, you know, this isn't the time to call out errors in materials in front of a class that really

undermines the respect of the organization as a whole.

Or if there is a design element that you don't like or a module that you don't like, it's not your

responsibility as the trainer to alter that curriculum without the approval of the training organization.

Your responsibility is to deliver that information according to the design, because remember, there

could be some design factors, organizational needs, learner needs that you are not privy to.

You may not have that full perspective.

So it's important that you follow the design as it is presented to you and you're going to get a number

of of questions about this on the exam.

So basically, don't belittle the training organization, don't belittle the training materials, don't

call attention to flaws in front of the class.

If there is something that you really feel could be improved in the class or, you know, just something

like an error in a material typographical error or a constant error, then, you know, take that as

a sidebar with the organization, maybe, you know, report back to the curriculum developers to let

them know that there is an edit that needs to be made and suggest it respectfully.

And if a student brings this up, then defend the training organization, just be respectful, acknowledge

the fact that they brought it up.

Thank you for noticing that.

And I'll make sure that it gets passed on to the appropriate parties, but maintain a professional atmosphere.

And that way you'll really handle challenges as they come in a way that that is dignified.

!-------------------------------------------
It might be nice to think of yourself as a technical trainer that can just come on day one and deliver

an excellent course and everything goes on without a hitch.

But there are some logistical things that as technical trainers, we really need to give attention to

to make sure that the class runs smoothly and that we're prepared on day one.

For example, timing.

What's the schedule of the course going to be?

When will it begin?

When will it and when will you take breaks?

How many breaks will there be?

When will you have lunch?

How are the students going to get lunch if you're in a physical location?

Can you give them some direction on where they can purchase lunch or how they can store lunches that

they may have brought?

All of this is just some logistical considerations that you need to be able to communicate, either

in written form or in communications on the initial first day.

There's also time zone considerations.

If you're doing virtual teaching, you want to be specific about what time zone you're in and recognize

that if students are in different time zones, that could affect when you choose to take breaks and

lunch breaks and things like that for a physical classroom, there's also the logistics of reserving

a classroom.

Will it be available for the number of weeks or days that you plan on doing the course?

So, you know, training can fit in conveniently in conference rooms, but then larger technical training.

You know, you might need a class to be set up or a room to be set up for a full six weeks.

So where is this going to happen?

Is the organization OK with you taking that space?

Is it going to be undisturbed by others?

You know, in a in an organization with a lot going on, these are considerations that you need to plan

out ahead of time if training labs are outside of the classroom.

Have you reserve time in those labs?

If there are learning aides or materials, textbooks, workbooks that the students need to have before

day one, have you delivered them ahead of time?

Have they been sent out or have they been emailed with PDF?

That's a consideration to the logistics.

And as we talked about meal arrangements and other outdoor activities, if something needs to be taken

outside of the classroom, have you planned all the, you know, intricacies of getting the students

in and out of the classroom?

Make sure you get some consideration to all of these organizational things before you start teaching

the class.
!-------------------------------------------

Let's talk a little bit about in-person classroom set up that is setting up a classroom for in-person

technical instruction delivery, as you can see in a picture here.

Here is a beautiful training lab.

Everybody's got plenty of room and looks organized.

It looks clean.

Everybody can see the whiteboard.

They're going to be able to see the instructor.

I hope you have the opportunity to teach in a lab like this.

The truth of the matter is that you may or may not have any control over the environment, but to the

extent that you do, you want to create an environment that's conducive to learning.

So when students are comfortable and undistracted, they're free to learn and focus on the material

that you're presenting them.

So there are ways that you can make this happen for them.

You can set up the seating so that everyone has plenty of room, not only for themselves, but any bags

they might bring or materials that they need to have at their desks and give them space.

And you want to set up seats so that everybody has a direct line of sight, not only to you, as are

teaching, but also to your instructional media.

If you have a presenter excuse me, a presentation device, slideshows, if you have a whiteboard,

you need to make sure that every seat in the house can see that unobstructed lighting is important to

give consideration to.

If the lights are too dark, people can start squinting, they can actually start getting tired and

feeling of taxation without even noticing it.

So it's important that you set the lights to be bright and that you that you use natural lighting to

the extent that you have the ability to do that.

Same with temperature 70 to 72 degrees Fahrenheit, 21 to 22 degrees Celsius is considered comfortable.

If students are too hot or too cold, they'll be distracted.

You're not going to be able to make everybody happy.

There's always one or two that are going to be cold or hot, but, you know, be responsive to that

feedback overall when it comes to the majority and try and make sure that everybody's comfortable.

Cleanliness and organization also contributes to undistracted learning.

So make sure that everything is neat and tidy.

When you're setting up your your training space.

You also need to think about your materials.

So our materials already on the desk of every learner before they before they enter, are things easily

accessible if there are materials that they need to access during the course of the training, make

sure that's all set up before you start.

And then also very important and you're going to get a lot of questions about this on the exam is doing

a technology test before you start.

So you want to make sure that every computer is set up with the right software.

You want to make sure that your laptop can get plugged in and that you can connect to the presentation

screen.

You might need to liaise with lab technicians to make sure this is all set up.

You want to make sure cables are not going to present a tripping hazard for your students and that they're

neat and tidy.

You might need to bring whatever organizational device that you have to keep cables in place, you know,

so these are important considerations before you get started in a class.

And here's an example of how you might set up the class.

As you can see in this lecture, training style, every seat can see both the presentation screen and

also the instructor as he or she speaks as another option.

You have the horseshoe kind of style and that allows the chairs and the desks to be along the perimeter

of the room and the trainer to sit in the middle so that ever…46558 tokens truncated…to be able to see your instructional media.

You were instructed to use only one camera, which is important to again, you're not going to be doing

any editing, so you need to just have one continuous video.

And also, if you are having to do and you zooming if you do have a camera man or woman, make sure

that your zoom is set to the widest setting.

And again, that helps it to be less shaky if you're moving the camera.

But ultimately, you can place the camera at the back of the room so that it shows you and your participants

and you won't have to do a lot of movement with the camera.

And that's a way that many people choose to do it, which is the easiest sound can be a difficult thing.

The onboard microphones and cameras are are never usually the greatest quality, particularly if you're

standing far away from the camera.

If you have it set up at the back of the room, it would be great to use an external microphone that

is of higher quality than the one that is on board, perhaps your phone or your video camera and CTT

plus or Acom to recommend, if possible, to wear a lapel mic.

And they are great because they limit any distracting noises going on around you.

And you can contribute to this goal of limiting other noises by, you know, making sure that the AC

isn't going to be too loud.

I mean, sure, windows are closed so that there's no, you know, jack hammers doing construction outside

or, you know, maybe making sure that the hallway door is closed so the passers by don't cause a disruption.

Do what you can to limit those noises, make sure the camera is running.

Don't miss any of your performance, particularly your attention.

A rousing introduction because the camera wasn't on and finally enhanced the lighting.

So if you know anything about video, you know how important lighting is.

You could use a camera light or as much natural light as possible.

And then, of course, make sure that the camera is not facing the light, but rather the light is behind

the camera and shining on you and your class as subjects of the video.

And you'll get the best possible recording that way.

Again, if any of you have any expert tips on video recording because of your specific experience,

please drop them in the comments below.

But don't be overwhelmed with this.

You don't have to create a marketing video.

You just have to show that you can perform the objectives of the CTT plus course in a way that is not

distracting.

So make sure of these things and you'll do fine.

!-------------------------------------------

On the official CTT plus page at CompE, teabag, again under CTT plus guidelines and forms, you will

find the submission forms here for Teko to to.

And of course when you click this, it'll ask you to download it.

We've been here before.

There are four forms that you have to submit forms.

See, we discuss at length in the next video.

But let's just kind of look at these so you have the opportunity to preview them in this profile section.

You're going to submit all of your information here.

You have to put your career ID number.

So you got that when you have done any other Kostia certification or when you signed up and completed

your come to Takio to a one.

And remember, photocopy of the score reports is required.

So make sure that you include that the form B is a release form, as we discussed.

That's the one where you have to grant come to your permission to use the recording and that anybody

who was a participant has their name and signature and grants permission for that to be used by committee.

We're going to skip forms.

We'll talk about it in the next video.

Those are the long answers.

And then finally, we have Form D, which is payment information.

Nothing too complicated here outside of your normal online payment.

And at the bottom of this form, too, you have submission instructions, which we'll talk about a little

bit later to.

!-------------------------------------------


Form, see, is where you provide longsword answers to questions centering around domain one planning

prior to the course and domain five evaluating the training event.

And of course, this planning and evaluating is specific to the 20 minute module that's recorded in

the video.

The great thing about this Form C is that you have all the time in the world to do a great job at it.

It's not like the computer test where you have a time limit and it's not like a video test where you

have to perform it well in real time.

You can draft the answers and take all the time.

You want to really give stellar responses and make sure that you hit all the requirements.

So in each question, what's great about this is that it gives you the specific subdomain where the

information that's being tested is found.

So go back on those points.

You can compare that to the scoring rubric that is in the submission instructions and you can just make

sure that you highlight every different point is mentioned there.

So it's not overwhelming here because you have an outline for you already.

There are a couple things to remember on some of these questions.

You have to give an answer that corresponds to the video submission.

So, for example, in five here, what did you do to prepare for training this particular group of learning's

learners for this specific recorded session?

If you adapted the material or made adjustments, explains what you did and why, if you did not need

to adapt to explain why this is not necessary.

But here's the point.

Note your response to this question must match what scoring judges observe on the recording.

So, you know, make sure that the two elements of your submission are not out of harmony.

Refer to something that you've actually done in the video submission.

And the thing with this is it can also give you some more information on what to include in the video

submission.

If you know you're going to be either calling it out in the domain one planning section or the evaluating

the training or section of Form C, then you can make sure that you perform it in a way that it's clear

to, you know, connect the dots.

So remember that they're after domain one.

Of course, we have the training evaluation.

Same thing here.

Make sure as you see here in number one, your response to this question must match what's scoring.

Judges observe on the recording.

And as we learned in the scoring objectives, it's good to put even timestamps on there.

You can say, you know, at minute one, one minute, 30 seconds, for example, you'll notice that

the instructor did this and you'll know that the student did that.

And it demonstrates this point or that point.

Be very specific and take your time with these answers.

You can edit it right here in the document and make sure that you include all the points and that you

get a great job.

There's no reason why you don't just get an excellent job of this because you have all the time to get

it right.

!-------------------------------------------


I'd like to redirect your attention to this portion of the how to prepare for the video submission document.

This is directly from Komp BTIG again.

And this section is called Performance Based Exam Recording Checklist for Quality Control.

Now, quality control is often done after something, an initial draft of something is created.

However, my suggestion to you is to ask yourselves these questions before you begin shooting your video,

because ultimately, if something is missed, you don't have to call all your friends and colleagues

again to do a second recording.

That's going to be a bit embarrassing, but you can read over this list as a checklist while you're

planning the video event and making sure that you've really checked the boxes.

So remember that this is here and please review it.

There are some excellent suggestions at the bottom about making a backup copy, not all, not only of

the video, but also of all the documentation.

In the event that something goes wrong with your initial video submission, you do want to be able to

perhaps reuse the forms and the answers that you've created in the past.

Hopefully you won't have that problem, but make sure there's a backup of everything so you don't lose

your work and refer to these questions here in the quality control of your video.

!-------------------------------------------

And just because I want this to be a seamless as possible for you to upload your video submission,

I thought we could just go over the submittal instructions and what it looks and feels like.

I don't want you to be overwhelmed by the technicalities of uploading your video.

So this information right here is taken again from the submittal instructions from come to your bag

that you downloaded.

It's on that same file under Form D, and as you can see, you have two options to submit your files,

the documents, the written documents and also the video file.

You can send it in by mail if that's your style, or you can do an online upload, which I'm guessing

most of you will choose to do at CTT submission dot com.

So if you go to CTT submission dot com, it will look like this.

And when you do this, make sure that you are ready and prepared with the information from your teko

to a one.

You will have to put in some information that you received on the printout for successful completion

of that course.

You also are going to need your company ID number and some personal information.

You'll set up an account, you'll perform an email validation, and then you will be prompted to submit

all your videos on this site.

So exciting.

Once you get that done, you're just waiting for a response from the evaluators ready to become a certified

technical trainer.

!-------------------------------------------

Let's briefly review what we discussed in this Section seven, everything you need to know to submit

for the performance based classroom instructor TA to it's important that you watch all these videos,

review all the submission instructions from Compter before you hit that record button on your video

recording.

You're going to select five or more friends and get them all in a room and set everything up.

You don't want to get it wrong because it's very difficult to go through that process again.

So make sure that you've created a checklist, created a nice outline for your course.

You've practiced it out loud a number of times and you feel confident so you can get it right the first

time.

Again, my suggestion is perhaps to block off an hour of your friend's time so that you can do a dry

run.

And then the real thing, each video has to be about 20 minutes.

So you should have plenty of time to do that.

We talked about the evaluation criteria, criteria of each domain.

Again, make this kind of checklist and be sure that you are specifically doing these things when you

perform.

You may need to be a little bit more deliberate about this than you normally would be if you were teaching,

because you're trying to give evidence of all these points in 20 minutes rather than over the course

of an entire training event.

But be specific and then in particular form, see where you give those long answers.

Remember, you have all the time in the world to get that correct.

You can go back and identify the subdomain points and how they want to be evidenced in form.

See, and, you know, specifically call out all the points that will be evaluated and then also be

specific about where they show up in your video recording.

So use specific time markers and connect them to the learning objectives and connect them to the evaluation

criteria that you are demonstrating.

So everything you need is here.

And if you've made it this far, congratulations, because all that's left is, is to just wait on that

submission, to come back from the evaluators and you'll become a certified technical trainer.

So move ahead now to Section nine.

And I've got some parting words and some last minute prep that you can do before you start your tests.

!-------------------------------------------

So now that we've covered all the domains of understanding for the plus body of knowledge, it's time

to talk about how they apply to the performance based exam.

In this case, the TECO two of three, the virtual classroom trainer performance based exam now is important

to remember that there's a couple of things involved with submitting for this certification.

Number one, you're going to actually include a video of you teaching a class on a virtual platform.

But you are also going to be submitting some forms.

And one of the forms in particular Form C, which we will discuss at length, actually has some questions

that you will provide narrative long answers to the discuss how you've applied some of the bodies of

knowledge towards the preparation and evaluation of the course that is seen in the video.

So there's a couple of things involved here.

CTT plus resources from comp to lead you through the process quite well.

I'm going to direct you to where you can find those resources and, you know, make sure you have everything

you need for submission.

So we'll start off with those, come to your resources and we'll talk about how you can prepare yourself

to be on camera.

And then we're going to go over all of the specific domains of understanding and how you can give evidence

of those when you're recording your video.

How do you really weave all of those evaluation criteria into your performance to make sure that you

check all the boxes and get high marks on every domain?

We'll talk about some technical tips to make sure that your recording is quality.

And then we will go over the forms that you'll submit and in particular that form.

See, we'll talk about how you can provide answers to those questions that give evidence that, you

know, the domains of understanding.

And then I'll even show you where online you're going to submit the recording and the forms just so

that there's no surprises there.

So let's dive into the teko two or three.

!-------------------------------------------

So first of all, let's look at the information that is provided by committee itself, their official

resources, and there's two things we're going to talk about in this video.

Number one, it is the instructions on how to prepare for the video submitting.

And then second, it is the forms that you are going to submit.

And both of these are provided a tag.

So, again, here we are, come to a big hover over certifications and go to CTT Plus and you will arrive

at the informational page that we've seen before.

Scroll down a bit and you'll see the section called CP2 plus guidelines and forms.

And here is the the two forms I just mentioned, CTT plus virtual trainer, How to Prepare and CTT,

plus virtual trainer Teko two or three submission form.

Let's look at the first one.

And this is a well developed document from Compter that gives you all the information that you'll need

to prepare for the video portion of this exam.

There's some information on the, you know, general information about the exam, how to plan and prepare

some of the technical information about your recording.

All of this we're going to discuss in the videos.

But I do want to bring your attention now to the scoring guide.

And on page nine, they give you an indication of how they're going to score, which is really important

for you to know, because, you know, that's what you want to keep in mind when you're actually performing

the video and they show you that they have a scoring scale of one through four.

So what they're going to do is take each of the domains.

There's five domains, divide them into the subdomains.

So overall, there's 12 total subdomains.

And then they're going to give you either a one, two, three or four on each of the subdomains, depending

on how you perform.

And then they go on to tell you exactly what they're looking for in each subdomain.

So it's broken down very nicely for you.

For example, let's scoot down here to domain two methods and media for instructional delivery.

The first subdomain.

So Domain 2A is the selection and implementation of instructional methods.

And in order for you to get four points here, they show you the rubric.

They tell you exactly what you need to do to get four points.

So you can use this as a sort of compliance matrix to make sure that you're touching on all the points

you're going to be graded on.

It is important to remember that domain one and domain five domain one is planning prior to the course

and domain five is evaluating the course.

These are two domains that you can't show in real time during the video of you conducting your class,

because there are things that happen before and after the completion of a course.

Those are going to be evaluated based on the long responses, the narrative, written responses you

give in form C and we'll talk about later about how to do that.

There's a video on form C, but let me just show you how to find that one.

That is form C.

So moving on from this, How to Prepare document will go back to the informational page.

And here we have the plus virtual trainer Teko two or three submission form.

Click on that and download it.

When you open that document, you'll see these forms here and there's four forms.

Form A, form B, form C and form D, form A is just where you put in your information.

You have to include a photocopy of the score report from your computer based TECO to a one.

And you also have to give some witness statements, people that can attest to the fact that that's you

in the video.

So remember, you're going to have to do some of that.

And also Form B is the release form where everybody that's in your video, all the students that you

choose, give consent for you to video them and also to use their video for the purposes of this certification.

That's OK, then we move to form, see which we're going to speak at length, but this is where you

give the long answers to some questions, particularly covering domain one and five.

How did you plan the course and how did you go about evaluating the course and then informed there's

some payment stuff that you have to take care of here and some submittal instructions.

So those are the two forms that are provided to you from Tilla on the website.

Please make sure that you go there and review those before you get too far into the actual planning

and recording process for your submission video.

!-------------------------------------------

As I mentioned in the previous video, you're going to be scored on specific criteria for this training

event, so it's important that you plan for it and build all of the training criteria into this specific

module that you're going to be recording.

Don't think that because you have a lot of experience as a teacher or a technical trainer, you can

just get in front of a camera and do what you normally do and be fine.

This does have to be specifically designed for the purpose at hand.

So how can we do that to begin with?

Choose your content wisely.

It needs to be clearly professional and sufficiently complex.

This is a technical training certification, so your topic needs to be technical.

That being said, I did recently see a video that passed the evaluation of a teacher teaching her audience

how to choose the correct jean style for their body type.

It's not an overly technical topic, but it worked.

So you don't have to impress anybody with your technical skills, but make sure that you are able to

give evidence of all of the evaluation criteria.

You'll need to structure this module with a clear beginning, middle and end and interest, a rousing

introduction, presenting new material, having your students practice with the group activity, reviewing

and then closing the module as if it was a real world training event.

Let's talk about setting we're all familiar with, you know, doing Web streaming and video conferencing

from home.

So this shouldn't be a shock, but just make sure that you choose a quiet room, that it's well lit,

that anything showing behind you is neat and orderly and or use a green screen and you get to choose

whatever virtual platform you want.

So it might be Zoom or teams or Uber conference or, you know, any other software that you choose for

this event.

Just make sure that when you're recording, you have everything visible in one screen and that means

the trainer yourself, the faces of all of your participants and the training materials.

And that's usually easy to set up in one window.

So you can see it all in one place, but you are going to need that for the evaluation.

You need to have at least five people in your class and they all need to be visible and they all need

to be engaged, so they all need to have, you know, actual interactions in the class so you can choose

your friends or colleagues for this, even come to you.

Doug says you can do that.

Just make sure there are people that have enough of a technical background to where they can comprehend

the information and, you know, contribute significantly to the course.

My suggestion is to lock them in for about an hour and a half.

That allows you to maybe do a dry run of the 20 minute recording and then, you know, hit the record

button the second time and then also recognize that your participants are going to have some questions

about what's required of them.

So make sure you give them a heads up on what you need them to do to be involved.

You might even give them some questions or comments ahead of time that they, you know, samples that

they might use during the class and make sure this is an authentic event.

You know, your students should really be learning something new and not overly artificial or contrived.

Of course, this is stage to a certain extent, but it doesn't want to look that way to the evaluators.

And it needs to be about 72 to 22 minutes.

And I don't mean about I mean, it needs to be between 17 and 22 minutes.

If it's less than 17 minutes, it's rejected.

And if it's over 22 minutes, the judging will stop after minute 22.

So, you know, they're not going to keep scoring after that.

So with some preparation, I shouldn't be a problem to keep it to the timing that you need it to be

equipment use, the best possible equipment you have at hand.

There's no need to be going out and buying a lot of high quality technology for this.

This is not a test on your abilities as a videographer, but as a technical trainer.

So the webcam on your PC will work just fine.

Remember, there's no editing involved, so you are allowed one break if you need to stop the recording

while everybody practice is a skill or something.

If that's the case, make sure that you say out loud that you're going to be pausing the recording so

everybody can practice this new skill, cut the recording and then, you know, when you bring back

you can say again, all right, everybody is now had a chance to practice that skill and you move on.

But beyond that one allowable break, there should be no other editing.

So, you know, no graphics, no transition effects, anything like that.

It needs to be raw for the evaluators and take your time to develop your skills.

You know, if you need to practice this at home a few times in front of a camera to make sure that you're

not doing anything distracting with your hands while you're teaching and that, you know, you're poised

as an instructor, things like that, make sure that you build that up.

So you really feel confident before the day of presentation.

Understand the CTG plus domains very clearly have an outline so that, you know, you've touched on

all of them.

And we'll talk more about how to weave them into your recording in the upcoming videos.

!-------------------------------------------

All right, so now we're going to talk about how to apply each of the domains of understanding to the

video submission itself.

Now, remember, each of these domains is divided into subdomains.

And I'm going to show you how to give evidence that you know that in the video.

So in domain one planning prior to the course, a lot of this material is actually going to be in the

long answers that you provide on form C, you're going to give some comments about how you plan the

course and and how you assess the learner needs, et cetera.

But there are some things that you can do while the camera is on to show that you understand these topics.

So once a review of organizational needs and learner backgrounds in relationship to the course objectives,

you can say a couple of things during the class, maybe in just one or two sentences that touches on

the subdomain.

For example, you might say, I know you're all in the technology industry, so I know that you're going

to find this information really beneficial in your job roles, or you can call it a specific learner.

You know, Mr. Jones, I know that you perform in this role and I think you're going to find this or

that very beneficial to your job functions or make some comment about how you have tailored this particular

program to the individuals in the class.

Any brief comment like that will take care of this subdomain.

In one be the instructional environment in relationship to learning objectives, confirm the logistics

of the class, you know, let them know when it's going to start, when it's going to break, when it's

going to conclude, how long it's going to be.

Just a couple comments up front.

Confirm the student comfort.

You know, make sure everybody, everybody all set.

Everybody got what they need.

You got your webcams on and and everybody comfortable.

You can explain how you have created the virtual classroom environment in a way that's conducive to

learning.

So you might just call out some of the features.

You know, I'm going to be presenting this with my screen.

I'm going to be here.

This is how you can use the comments window if you like, et cetera.

So just specifically, call those out in a couple of sentences.

Don't spend a lot of time on it, and you will have taken care of domain one.


!-------------------------------------------

Domain two is methods and media for instructional delivery and in subdomain to a selection and implementation

of instructional methods, you need to show that you can move seamlessly from one instructional activity

to the next.

So, you know, maybe you're lecturing for a few minutes and then you move seamlessly into question,

answer or stimulating a group discussion and make sure that you have activities that are kind of designed

for everybody, whether it's the auditory learners, by means of a lecture, the visual learners by

means of a video or some activity where the students are involved and you use anecdotes, stories,

analogies and humor appropriately in to be this is important the way that you use the instructional

media in the virtual classroom.

How comfortable are you with the virtual classroom?

You need to make sure that you practice this ahead of time, that you can call up your materials very

quickly.

There's no lag time when you're showing a video or a slide that you can seamlessly work between you

sharing your screen and students sharing their screen if you choose to do it that way and also demonstrate

and confirm understanding of classroom tools.

So if you're going to use the whiteboard, if you're going to use the comments and questions, paying

any of those tools that come standard on these video conference software, make sure that you have explained

how to use it.

And also you've got some sort of confirmation from the students.

So, you know, if you guys have questions, please feel free to drop it in the questions, the comments,

pain.

Can everybody show me that they know how to do that?

And, you know, you accept a comment from students one, two, three, four and five.

Hey, I'm here.

I know how to use the comments section.

So give some evidence about that and make sure that you know how to use these tools.

If it's going to be too complex, then, you know, you might want to make it a little easier on yourself.

But by all means, use your instructional media smoothly and don't allow there to be any lag time while

you are switching to slides or videos, etc..

!-------------------------------------------

Domain three is all about how you present as an instructor, instructor and credibility and communication,

the first subdomain 3A is instructor delivery competence and content expertise.

And the main principal that's called out in the instruction guidelines is that you offer unique responses

to all the students in the classroom, particularly in the virtual classroom.

So you have consistently positive interactions with all of the students and that you're confident and

poised.

So if there's any kind of issues with the software, again, with some of this technology, it can be

a bit unpredictable.

But you don't let it frazzle you.

You just keep moving, address the issue and carry on.

And that when when people make comments or questions, you identify them as individuals and you give

unique responses.

So this is particularly important in virtual classroom so that people know that they're being identified.

So you might vary the way that you respond or the way that you classify information based on the needs

of the students and the specific comment from the specific student.

So be sure to show evidence that you're treating everybody as an individual and then in theory, be

instructor communication and presentation skills.

This has a lot to do with your clarity and pace, and they mention this quite a bit, that there's some

modulation of your tone, you're going up and down and that you are not speaking too quick and you're

also not speaking too slow and that you're natural.

Even in front of the webcam, you still want to minimize any distracting behavior, you know, touching

your hair or fiddling with a pen or something.

And you want to be coherent in your transitions when you move from activities and if you're bringing

attention to resources or training materials, make sure that you, you know, give everybody a heads

up of what you're doing.

OK, now I'm going to share this video or now I'm going to share this document, which you can find

in your resources on page such and such.

Be very clear about those transitions.

And it's also mentioned that you need to have the artful use of a pointer.

So as we know, the pointer can be a helpful tool to bring attention to a topic, the artful use of

a pointer.

One way that you can do this, I'm not showing a good example, but you can increase the size of the

pointer icon and have it not disappear when it hovers.

You can even change it to the little pointer icon.

So those are some creative ways that you can use the pointer to make sure that you're bringing out the

main points.

!-------------------------------------------

As you recall, domain four is where over 40 percent of the evaluation criteria comes from on the exam

group facilitation.

So make sure that you give some real focus to these slides and also to the preparation document the

content gives to make sure you're checking all the boxes.

So in 4A, you'll need to establish a learner centered environment.

So you need to clearly link the objectives to activities and content throughout the list.

This means that you're constantly reminding the students why it's important that they're learning what

they're learning and also to be clear about what the objectives are.

So the beginning of the course, you give a preview as to what they're going to learn and the, you

know, behavior change that they will accomplish by the end of the course and then continue to highlight

these so students know the main points and continually try to involve the learner.

So don't let any of the participants lag behind or, you know, start getting quiet throughout the whole

course so that they're not, you know, involved in the group activities.

And you also want to direct attention with your words and with your pointer.

So particularly in the virtual classroom, you can't point with your hands or use descriptive gestures.

So you are going to have to talk through people, you know, as they access whatever you're trying to

bring their attention to.

So, you know, take a look at the top right of the screen.

That's an example of how you use your voice to be the eyes of the participants and then also use your

pointer skillfully.

We talked about that, how to change it so that it doesn't disappear and increase the size.

You can do that in the settings on your PC so that, you know, you really highlight visually what it

is that you are bringing attention to.

OK, and also in the way that you use activities, make sure that they are related to the focus of the

learning objectives.

So activities are great, but they do need to be used purposefully, particularly to highlight the learning

objectives.

All right.

In 4B, you're going to promote a learner and promote learner engagement and participation.

So make sure using open ended questions, you don't want questions that can be answered like a fill

in the blank.

That's just a one word answer.

But require your students to give some explanation and then probe a little bit to really assess whether

they're learning.

You can use that by means of follow up questions and repeating what the what the student said to you

and then asking them another question to clarify and also make sure again that you involve all the learners.

Everybody has participation and use whatever virtual tools are at your disposal to confirm understanding,

particularly when you're moving on to another topic.

Does everybody can everybody see this?

You can ask and then you can ask everyone to put a thumbs up in the chat window, for example, and

then you can verbally confirm, all right, I'm seeing a thumbs up from from everybody.

So that's a great way to make sure that you're involving everybody, use their specific names to usually

in these virtual chats, everybody's name is in the corner of their screen.

So make sure that you you address them by their names.

And when they make a contribution, you're showing your appreciation by means of their name in Forese

assessment of learners needs for additional explanation and encouragement.

So you're consistently monitoring the learner behavior to see if they're understanding.

So if they're making a confused face or they look like they're drifting off, you're kind of watching

and then you're you're calling on them or you're asking if anybody needs clarification or even checking

in with individual learners.

And then if they do need clarification, they don't understand.

You can quickly re-explain something in a different way, using different words that adds clarity to

your initial explanation.

So this is just an interactive response throughout the course of the module.

And if you're using a chat window and if you've explained to the students that if they have questions,

they can drop them there, you know, call it out specifically.

OK, Mrs. Smith or Mary, I noticed that you left this question in the comments section.

So let me go ahead and address that.

You ask this.

So call out those tools to to show that you know how to manage the virtual environment well.

All right.

And finally, motivation and pause.

Of reinforcement of learners continue to connect what you're teaching to the needs and goals of the

learner.

We talked quite a bit about learner motivation, whether it's getting a new job, performing well or

using technology to make their lives a little easier.

Make sure that you remind them from here, you know, here and there in your discussion of why it's

important that they pay attention and motivate the learners by commending them.

And as I mentioned before, specifically using their name.

So, you know, thank you, Jim, for making that comment or thank you, John, for sharing your screen

and showing us how you did that.

You know, this is great positive feedback.

Just a simple, great job.

You know, thanks so much for bringing that up.

Will give evidence that you're creating a positive learning environment.

!-------------------------------------------

Domain five is evaluating the training event now, five, be the second part of this really takes place

on form.

See, that is when you provide the long answers there to some of the questions that are posed to you

as the instructor.

But five A is definitely something that happens in class.

So five is evaluation of learner performance during and at the close of the instruction.

So make sure that you have your students share their screen from time to time.

If they are performing a technical test, you need to be able to see it in an actual classroom.

You would be walking behind their computer screens and checking that everybody knows what they're doing.

But in the virtual setting, you need them to share their screens and then you can make comments on

what they're doing while they're practicing, you know.

Oh, Mary, I noticed you did that very well.

Thank you.

Or Jim, you know, great job implementing this piece of instruction, etc..

And then you're specifically asked in order to get four points to implement a final activity where you

evaluate performance of a shared application.

So this is an activity where they will have to perform it and you will have to watch them do it and

give some feedback.

So make sure you're familiar with the technology.

Make sure you know how to direct the students to share their screen.

And you can do that seamlessly in order for you to pass this virtual trainer certification five B again,

this is based on your long answers from form C.

We'll talk about that in a little bit, but you're going to be evaluating yourself and your course design

and it is important to be specific.

So when you say that you did this or did not do that, make sure you give time markers in your video

where you specifically highlighted that skill so that the evaluators know that you really did take a

look and reflect on your performance.

!-------------------------------------------

When it comes to selecting your participants, you really have a lot of control over who you will use.

It's up to you.

The CTT plus official instructions say that you can use friends and colleagues.

So whoever you feel that you'd like to use, you will need at least five people.

And it's good to really prepare them a little bit about what's expected.

Remember that they will all have to submit their signatures for that little waiver that says that they

give you permission to record them during the class and also to submit the recording for the purposes

of the video exam.

But, yeah, they're going to have some questions as to what's going on.

So just be upfront, let them know that the recording is for the SeatGeek Plus examination and that

you have to give a sample instruction for 20 minutes, make sure that you lock everybody up at least

for an hour so that you can do a dry run.

And then the actual recording, if there's a little bit of prep work, you might want to, you know,

give yourself some extra time so that you're not inconveniencing everybody.

And likely everybody will want to know what do I have to do during the class?

And so depending on the nature of what you're teaching, usually probably they just come with a blank

slate, ready to participate in some training.

But, you know, if you're teaching a very technical topic, you do, of course, want to include people

that will at least have a basic understanding of the industry that your topic is related to.

So if it's completely over the heads of one of your participants, well, it's going to be hard to show

learner engagement and that you've taken in the needs of the students, et cetera.

So make sure that you choose the appropriate people.

And then, of course, it's OK to some, you know, stage some of the questions so that you can show

that you're interacting with the audience.

And so for those who are willing to contribute in that way, you can plan that ahead of time.

But again, you have some flexibility with this.

So make sure you feel comfortable and the people that you are inviting to be in your video submission.

!-------------------------------------------

Let's talk about some of these recording tips that are provided by compter again, this isn't a test

about your ability to do Web streaming, but you do want to make sure you're providing a quality video

that the evaluators are not distracted in any way by a lack of professionalism.

So No.

One, stabilize your webcam.

This may not be a problem if you're using a laptop, if you're using an external device, just make

sure that you know, it doesn't move around or it doesn't kind of get wobbly if you nudge the desk,

et cetera.

If you use a white board application as part of your virtual classroom software, be sure to write legibly

so that everybody can see what you're writing.

Use only one camera.

So no fancy streaming work here.

Just one camera pointed at your face is all that is required.

And you probably know as well as most do that the audio coming through your PC or from some webcams

cannot be the best quality.

So if you've noticed that the audio is not clear, you might use an external mic if you have one.

A lapel mic is great.

Or, you know, if you have some sort of condenser.

Again, no need to go out and buy new materials, but just check that the audio is coming through clear

and limit distracting noises.

So, you know, make sure that nothing's too loud in your room, that the fan isn't making noise, that

nobody's mowing the yard outside your window.

There are no dogs barking or doors closing.

All of this can be a little distracting.

So find a time and location that is going to be quiet and make sure that your software is recording

so, you know, you wouldn't want to get halfway through your performance and realize you hadn't hit

the click.

It hadn't clicked the record button and practice that a couple of times and just make sure you're getting

the output that you want that you can hear and that you can see everything that you need to for your

recording and enhance your lighting.

That is big for Web streaming, particularly if you don't have a lot of good lighting in the room that

you're using.

You know, you can get a very simple ring light from Amazon for less than twenty dollars.

And it makes substantial difference to the quality of your video.

So you make sure that you position yourself so that you're getting the best quality possible on your

video.

!-------------------------------------------

All right, let's briefly review again the forms document and again forms A, B, C and D. We're going

to talk a little bit more about form see in the next video.

But Form A is just your profile where you give all of your information.

Again, there is this Tilla career I.D. number.

If you've taken a compter exam before, you will already have one of these.

And of course, at this point, you've already taken the come to a teko to a one.

So you will have been given a come to your career ID number.

Then also you are going to be submitting a photocopy of your come to your TECO one and you'll have to

confirm that you passed that first on following that is witnesses who states that you are the trainee

in the recording so they perhaps can audit this.

So, you know, obviously you're not going to do anything fraudulent here, but you do have to provide

some witnesses to that.

There's a release form for all of your participants and you're going have to email it to them.

And you're going to have to give some information there that you have received back their email consent

form to use their video in your submission.

Moving on, we get to form, see go to the next video for this one.

So I'm just skip past it and move down to form D, which is payment.

And of course you will submit your payment information.

And then so here's the information on how to upload, which will go over.

But just at the beginning, you know, make sure that you're recording in the right file format before

you get too far into this process.

!-------------------------------------------

The great thing about form see as part of your CTT plus exam is that you have all the time you need

to get it right, unlike the computer based exam, when you are, you know, under a time restraints

and obviously the performance based video exam, when you know you've got the camera on you form, see,

you get to take you take what time you need.

You can double check the requirements and you can go back and do a couple of drafts to get it right.

So again, all of the questions here are particularly focused on subdomain one A and one B. That is

domain one because it has to do with planning prior to the course and also domain five evaluating the

course post course.

So you're going to give some answers to this.

You can go to the subdomain one A requirements in the comp tag document and make sure that in the answer

that you provide, you've done exactly what it says in that document and there's no need to lose any

points here.

It is, of course, a reminder that you are going to have to give answers that correspond to the video

you're submitting.

So, for example, you'll see a note on this one.

Your response to this question must match what scoring judges observe on the recording.

So you can't say that you plan something and then not show evidence of it in the recording.

Same with evaluation.

You can't say you did something and then not show it in the recording.

It does have to be sort of real life situation here.

And then, of course, as I said, the second part is evaluating the training event.

And repeatedly, comedia content does require that you give specific references to the recording.

So my suggestion is to put timestamps as to when you perform a certain skill or instructor behavior

so that the evaluators can correspond your long answers to the video itself.

!-------------------------------------------

Now in the how to prepare for the Tokyo two of three document from committee, there is this nice list

of questions that you can ask yourself for quality control.

Now, when we think of quality control, we often think of something that is done after you've created

an initial draft to make sure that there is a standard.

However, I wouldn't suggest that you're doing it.

Do it in that order after you've gone through the preparation and the logistics of getting all your

friends and colleagues together to record an event you don't want to, you know, notice that you've

missed out on some quality control issue until after you've done all that work and have to do it again.

Right.

So my suggestion is that you read over these items as you're preparing.

Make sure you watch all the videos in the section that you read over these quality control items and

read all the literature from competition so that you don't have to do things twice.

However, that being said, if after you've done a recording, you find that it is clearly not going

to fly, that you are not going to get a passing score because you just know you have not touched on

the items like you should have, well, then you don't want to waste the money submitting something

that you know is not going to pass.

So if that is the case, you have to do a little bit of cost benefit analysis and risk assessment and

determine, you know, whether you're going to, you know, call all of your friends again and rerecord

the video.

So that's going to be up to you, of course, to hear suggests maybe get somebody else here at the bottom.

You'll notice this suggestion, maybe get somebody else to view the recording and assess it, create

a backup, make sure you don't lose it.

But again, my hope is that you will really put the preparation in.

Look at all these resources plan very carefully and only have to do the recording once.

!-------------------------------------------

And just because I want this to be a seamless as possible for you to upload your video submission,

I thought we could just go over the submittal instructions and what it looks and feels like.

I don't want you to be overwhelmed by the technicalities of uploading your video.

So this information right here is taken again from the submittal instructions from come to your bag

that you downloaded.

It's on that same file under Form D, and as you can see, you have two options to submit your files,

the documents, the written documents and also the video file.

You can send it in by mail if that's your style, or you can do an online upload, which I'm guessing

most of you will choose to do at CTT submission dot com.

So if you go to CTT submission dot com, it will look like this.

And when you do this, make sure that you are ready and prepared with the information from your teko

to a one.

You will have to put in some information that you received on the printout for successful completion

of that course.

You also are going to need your company ID number and some personal information.

You'll set up an account, you'll perform an email validation, and then you will be prompted to submit

all your videos on this site.

So exciting.

Once you get that done, you're just waiting for a response from the evaluators ready to become a certified

technical trainer.

!-------------------------------------------

All right, let's go ahead and do our review of Section eight, everything you need to know to submit

for the ticket to 03.

As I said, this requires a significant amount of planning and logistics to get this video put together.

And I strongly suggest that you watch these videos thoroughly, that you review the submission forms

from competition, and that you also review the instructions on how to submit for the Teko two or three

that are provided on a comp tilla.

Org.

So by way of review, we talked about how you can get to those documents and what they look like.

We also talked about how you can weave in all of the evaluation criteria.

That is the 12 subdomains of understanding how you can weave them into your performance and give evidence

that you have acquired that knowledge and those skills when you are performing.

We also talked about how to give evidence of those domains of understanding on Form C, which is the

instructor evaluation form where you give some long answers to the questions.

And we talked about some technical quality control things for your recording itself, how to make sure

that you get the best quality recording in terms of your sound and lighting, and particularly for the

Teko 203, it is important that you really understand how to use the virtual software for your classroom,

understand the features, make sure that you can use them thoroughly and to contribute to learners,

and also make sure that you can go seamlessly between instructional media when you're presenting through

the virtual software.

So that's it for the Teko two of three.

I wish you all the best and I'm going to see you for some closing remarks before you get ready to submit

and take your test in Section nine.

I'll see you there.

!-------------------------------------------

Listen, congratulations, you've done a lot of videos here and you've done a lot of practice tests

and you're ready for this exam.

I'm confident that you're going to do well, not only on the computer based portion of the exam, but

also on the video submission.

So I just wanted to say congratulations, reminder that you've done a great job here.

And I also would like to just give you some last minute tips on how to prepare for your tests.

Just some advice here that might make it easier for you and make you feel more than prepared when you

finally sit the exam.

No.

One take as many sample tests as you can.

So I've included a number of sample questions here.

Go ahead and take the ones, the handful that are given at Contigo and anywhere else you can find them.

If you find officials plus sample questions, by all means, do them.

And you know, the more sample questions you experience, the better you're going to get at answering

them.

And, you know, sometimes you may even find sample questions that appear word for word on the test

itself.

So, you know, that can be really helpful to make you feel confident about a lot of the answers that

you're going to see on the test, particularly the computer based test, replicate the testing environment.

So, you know, likely you are going to be taking this test either in person view testing center or

maybe at home proctored through Pearson view.

That means that somebody watching you through your webcam while you're taking the test, but you might

sort of kind of create that experience ahead of time, you know, set ninety minutes on the clock and

then do one of your practice tests and, you know, just kind of visualize what it's going to be like

or, you know, if you're going to be taking it out of Pearson View testing site, go drive down to

the site that you're going to be taking the test and get familiar with the environment.

That can just take one more of the stressors away when it comes actually the time for the test.

When it comes to the material, know your strengths and weaknesses.

You're not going to know every domain of understanding as well as you do the other, particularly as

you're preparing.

But if you notice that you're getting some of the answers wrong in a particular domain, then go back

and review that one in particular.

If you create some flashcards or you go back and watch these videos, you know, focus on the areas

that you're weak at, there's no point, you know, going over information again, if you're getting

all the answers correct, it's your areas of weakness that you want to focus on.

So after you've gone through all this material, if there's still a spot that you're fuzzy on, go back,

watch the videos again, do everything you can to make your weakest domain of understanding your strongest,

and then finally use some positive self talk and imagery.

So when it comes to self talk, you know, sometimes we can get in our heads, we can say stuff like,

oh, you know, this exam is so hard or these questions are so hard to get that kind of that talk out

of your head and replace it with something positive.

You know, if this exam is legitimately difficult, maybe you could change yourself talk and you could

say, you know, I'm knowledgeable enough about this topic to take even a very complex industry certification

exam.

Right.

So you're acknowledging that it's difficult, but now you're spinning it in a way that brings some self

pride because you're prepared for this.

So cut out the negative self talk, replace it with positive self talk.

You're going to do fine on this test.

You're going to do great.

You're going to prepare well and you're going to knock it out of the park.

And then also some visualization can be helpful to this is a very powerful technique where you visualize

yourself seeing that word pass at the end of the computer based exam.

So you visualize what it's going to feel like when you're getting all the questions right.

And, you know, things like this can really help you to remain enthusiastic through the course of your

preparation.

Now, with the performance based exam, as I've said a number of times, just practice the the best

way to overcome your nerves about performance is to feel confident about what you're going to say,

practice as many times as you need to to make sure that you really can assert yourself confidently when

it comes time to click that record button.

You're going to do great on this.

You've done a lot of work so far.

You're going to do some last minute preparation and you're going to nail that test and become a plus

certified trainer.

!-------------------------------------------
!-------------------------------------------
All right, I couldn't let you go without a bonus lecture.

Let's talk about how to get rid of those pre certification test nerves.

It is completely understandable that you are a little anxious before taking both the computer based

test and the video exam.

You're not alone in this.

You have invested considerable time and money into getting this certification and you want to get it

right.

So the first thing to remember is that it's completely understandable that you're nervous.

But there are some things you can do, some little hacks to limit the nerves that you have on test day

number one, prepare the night before.

OK, so make sure you get a full night's sleep the night before you're taking your exam.

If you're taking it in the morning, you know, make sure you've had breakfast.

Don't take the exam on an empty stomach, treat your body well so that you have the rest and the fuel

needed to perform at your best.

Number two, don't be rushed.

So, you know, get to the testing center early so you don't have to worry about getting parking and

all those other things that can get you nervous and flustered.

You might map out the directions ahead of time, even drive to the testing center ahead of time so that

there are no surprises on test day.

The same could be said if you are using Pearson views at home testing solution, which is, you know,

when you have the the proctor watching you, you know, make sure you test your hardware and software

so that there are no issues on the day of your test run.

All that ahead of time and get that stress out of your mind, know what to bring for your test, know

what forms of ID you need.

All of that can be found on comp tag.

Again, you don't want there to be any surprises when you get there for your test.

Now, before you sit down for the computer based test, before you actually hit that record button,

you want to manage some of these physiological stressors.

So the best way to do that is to just take a nice deep breath

and allow yourself to just relax a little bit.

If you're if you're doing the performance based exam, you might move around, you might do some jumping

jacks.

All of this can get your body moving a little bit and just relax you.

And then you want to focus, you know, take a minute before you jump into that first question on the

computer based exam and just, you know, realign yourself.

Remind yourself why you're why, why you are there.

Remind yourself about all the preparation that you've done and just refocus.

And if you get, you know, 30 questions in and you start to get a resurgence of your nerves, you know,

sit back in your chair, take another deep breath and refocus again.

Don't keep answering the questions when you're in a nervous state, but take care of those nerves when

it comes to the performance based exam.

Remember, there is nothing better than preparation.

Another thing that will help you calm your nerves is visualization.

Visualize what it's going to be like to pass that exam, particularly for the performance based.

What's it going to feel like standing in front of the class and really dropping the mic and doing a

great job on this.

What's it going to look like when you've concluded the lecture and you know, you did a great job?

What's it going to feel like?

Visualizing your success can make sure that you are actually successful when it comes down to examination

time.

So just remember that you're not alone.

Test taking anxiety is common even for the most experienced certification test takers.

Keep in mind some of these reminders.

Treat yourself well.

You've done a lot of work here.

Thank you for being part of this class.

And I wish you all the best.
